>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>NARRATOR: And now, the host
of the nationally syndicated
"Coast to Coast AM" and Gaiam
TV bring you Beyond Belief
with George Noory.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Hey,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
In my lifetime, I have had many
friends and many great guests
that appear on my radio show.
But there's one
person in particular
who just continues
to mesmerize me.
He's a psychic.
He's an intuitive.
He's a counselor.
Please welcome Joseph Jacobs.
[APPLAUSE]
>>NOORY: Hey, Joe,
great to see you.
>>JOSEPH JACOBS:
Good to see you too.
>>NOORY: You know,
when you're on me,
you're always on the phone.
So it's great to finally
see you in person.
We meet once in a blue moon.
>>JACOBS: And you know I
haven't done a public appearance
like this for over 15 years.
But I feel bolder today.
>>NOORY: You do?
You hibernate?
>>JACOBS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Psychic.
What is a psychic?
>>JACOBS: You know, a psychic--
you say what is a doctor?
A doctor can be a foot doctor,
a hand doctor, a dentist.
And so it is with psychics.
There are people
who are clairvoyant.
In other words, they see images
when they're reading somebody.
So if they're reading
somebody and they'll say
are you going on a trip?
See, they'll ask
a question, which
skeptics would say
they're fishing.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JACOBS: But they may
see a pigeon flying.
They're clairvoyant.
They're seeing
something, or a plane.
You're going on a trip.
Or are you expecting something?
Yeah, right.
Then there are clairaudient
psychics, which I am.
I hear a quiet voice.
And there are con artists also.
But psychic is a
feeling that you have.
>>NOORY: Do we all
have that feeling?
>>JACOBS: Everybody is psychic
to some extent or other.
But, you know, it's like
anybody can learn to cook,
but not everybody
is a great chef.
So it takes practice.
It takes years.
There are no colleges.
There are no certificates.
And so kind of a lot of psychics
are either born that way--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JACOBS: --or they
become autodidacts.
They teach themselves.
>>NOORY: Is it genetic, Joseph?
>>JACOBS: I think
it is in my case.
My mother was psychic.
And so I grew up thinking
this was normal, you know?
>>NOORY: Did she teach you?
>>JACOBS: No.
No, in fact, all I did
was hear the stories
and got some of her
intuitive ideas.
No, but I was
interested in astrology,
in comparative religion.
I was interested in numerology.
Although, the
numerology that I used
multiplied numbers
instead of added them.
I would read people
who were friends.
I would do the I Ching.
I would do runes.
But I would interpret
it in my own way.
And then in 1979, I went
through a whole life change.
At the age of 40-- you know,
40 years through the desert
to the promised land?
>>NOORY: That's
the time of change.
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
40 days of rain for Noah.
And I went through--
I started to cry.
I started to rove.
Everything started
to be messages to me,
license plates, whatever.
>>NOORY: Was it that
emotional for you?
>>JACOBS: It was.
It was.
And I started to do psychometry.
And psychometry is another
form of psychic ability
where you touch an
object that somebody has,
and you begin to
get impressions.
So once I read
somebody, and I said
I see a dark man
gave this to you.
And she said yes, he
was an African American.
And another time, I
see the color violet.
And she said Violet
gave it to me.
And I said she was a wonderful,
warm woman, but very sad.
And then she told me why.
And then I was living
in Venice, California.
And I got to know all
the weirdos in Venice.
I'd lived there
for about a year.
>>NOORY: They hang
around the beach, right?
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
And one of the looniest
people down there
called me over one
day and just said
you've got to talk to this guy.
So I walked over,
and here was this guy
on the sand with a
blanket and books.
Long, gray beard, long gray hair
like a comic book guru, right.
And he said what's
your birthday?
He was a British guy.
And I said January 12th.
He said oh, you're
a two of spades.
And I said yeah, right.
OK.
Fine.
And I started to
walk away, right.
So he said no, no, no, no, no.
And he started to
rattle off information
that nobody had ever told me,
no system had ever shown me.
And we got to be friends.
He liked to play backgammon.
We commiserated
about our love lives.
We got together regularly.
And he taught me this card
system that he had discovered.
And then showed me the books.
There were very few books.
There were about three
books, at that point,
that had been written
about the cards.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: And he would Xerox
stuff for me, and he even--
>>NOORY: He was your teacher.
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
He was my teacher.
We never know who
our teachers are.
They can sometimes even
be an animal that we have.
You know?
I know Shirley
MacLaine said that she
liked to rescue animals.
She had a cat that
would bite her even
when she was feeding her.
And she said it taught her
Christ's love, you know?
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>JACOBS: So sometimes the
people that we work with,
people that are families,
everything is a lesson.
And the cards system that
I use shows the lessons,
shows the progress
that we go through--
>>NOORY: Do you have to be
psychic to read those cards?
>>JACOBS: No, you don't.
But then I don't
refer the books.
In fact, maybe
two or three times
a year, I'll get a
particular birthday
that I haven't read
in a long time.
And I'll say I've
got a half hour.
I would take a half hour
to prepare for a reading.
And I'd take a look at the book.
And I'd go well, yeah,
that makes sense.
I'm not going to tell
them any of that.
And then I go from a
modern point of view.
See, what happens when somebody
writes an astrological book,
they're referring back to
other astrological books,
and their own
prejudices, and opinions,
or a numerological book.
And that's what's
happened with the cards.
It's pretty much gone from
"The Mystic Test Book," which
was written by Olney Richmond
in 1893, The Test Book.
In other words, we have tests.
>>NOORY: Constantly.
>>JACOBS: And that's
why he refers to it
as the book of
seven thunders that
is sweet to the
taste in Revelations.
Taste and test come
from the same root.
He belonged to a group
of the Order of the Magi
and believed that the card
system came through the Magi.
And then reading
that book, you're
not going to be able
to do a reading.
Then "Sacred Symbols
of the Ancients"
came out at around 1947 by Edith
Randall and Florence Campbell,
no longer published.
And Florence Campbell
was a great numerologist
who wrote "Your
Days are Numbered,"
which is seminal in numerology.
And that book gives
natal readings.
Then Arne Lein wrote
"What's Your Card?"
No longer published.
And--
>>NOORY: So most
of them are gone.
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
In fact, I worked
with Arne Lein.
And we co-chaired a workshop
for psychics and astrologers
who were crazy about
the card system,
and couldn't figure it out,
and wanted to learn more.
Now, he came from
his point of view,
and I came from
my point of view,
and we clashed a little bit.
But then Robert Camp
has written a few books.
And other people have come
along the Arne Lein line.
>>NOORY: OK, but you
were spot on, Joseph.
You've been doing readings
for my audience for, gosh,
it must be--
>>JACOBS: 15 years?
>>NOORY: --15 years now.
I mean, that's a
long, long time.
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>NOORY: And I get more
response from you than anybody
not only about the compassion,
but the accuracy that you have.
I had a friend of
mine who was going
through a brutal relationship.
And he didn't know what to do.
And I said well,
call Joseph Jacobs.
Call him on his toll free
number, 1-800-see-self.
>>JACOBS: See self, right.
>>NOORY: And he did.
And they're still
together, 15 years later.
>>JACOBS: Well, good.
>>NOORY: I mean, so I look
at you not only as a psychic,
but as a counselor.
And I think what
you've been able to do
is you have meshed
both of those,
the psychic, and the counselor,
and you've put it together.
>>JACOBS: Well, you know,
fortunately, I've had therapy.
And I would never go to a
psychic who hasn't had therapy.
And I would never
go to a therapist
who wasn't spiritual either.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JACOBS: And so I see more of
a psychological and modern view
of the cards.
You know, before my mother died,
I knew the cards at that point.
And I said what does this mean?
And she would give me
a meaning for the card.
And it wasn't.
And I'd say what
does this card mean?
And so I left it at that because
it didn't mean the same thing,
but she did it psychically.
>>NOORY: Did it work for her?
>>JACOBS: It worked for her.
And I said how do you work?
And in her accent,
she said I grab them.
Which means I become
one with them.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
I could see her doing that.
>>JACOBS: And that's what
happens, even over the phone.
I mean, we are all connected.
We are separated
by our prejudices,
and our nationalities,
our races, and whatnot,
but we're really all one.
And we are connected
even miles apart.
The psychic energy travels
faster than the speed of light.
So that when-- I
work exclusively
over the phone for
a number of reasons.
And when I start to talk
to somebody over the phone,
I connect with them.
And it is as if they
were in front of me.
And I see like a glow, or
a sadness, or a nervousness
there.
And it's not just the voice
because we all have an aura.
And that aura, it comes
right through the phone.
>>NOORY: Are they afraid?
Are they afraid of what
you're going to tell them?
>>JACOBS: People are
usually afraid, you know?
And I don't do scary stuff.
>>NOORY: You don't tell them
about death or stuff like that,
do you?
>>JACOBS: No, but I tell them--
>>NOORY: If they were
sick, would you tell them
they're sick?
>>JACOBS: Well, I'll tell
them this is a good time
to see a doctor.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: OK.
>>NOORY: But you wouldn't say
you're going to die next week.
>>JACOBS: No, you're
going through a time
when you may experience other
people in your life going
through a sadness.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Have you seen
death with someone?
And they died in
a matter of weeks?
>>JACOBS: No.
>>NOORY: That's never happened?
>>JACOBS: I don't think we die.
>>NOORY: Well, we
don't die that way.
>>JACOBS: We don't die that way.
That's our possessiveness
and our holding
on to those we care about.
>>NOORY: I want to talk with
you more, Joseph, about the card
system, how you do that.
But let's take some questions
from you for Joseph Jacobs.
He's a great psychic.
You might have a question.
We're not going to do
necessarily personal readings,
but what do you want
to do here, Joe?
>>JACOBS: Well, let me show
you what the cards say.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: Can we do that?
>>NOORY: Yeah, absolutely.
>>JACOBS: All right.
Here you have--
>>NOORY: And these are all
the cards, right, 52 of them?
>>JACOBS: 52 cards.
Now there are 52
cards, 52 weeks.
If you count up all the pips,
all the numbers in the cards,
you get 364.
And the remainder
of days is the Joker
which I can talk about also.
Bad name for a
very powerful card.
>>NOORY: It makes
it sound silly.
>>JACOBS: Yeah, absolutely.
It's hardly indicative.
There are 13 cards in each suit.
There are 13
lunations, or moons.
And so, in a sense, it's
an ancient computer.
We don't know where
it comes from.
Olney Richmond said
it came from Atlantis.
I've never seen a
shard of evidence.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: You know, I'm
very much into science also
because--
>>NOORY: But it's remained the
same through the ages, right?
>>JACOBS: It's remained
the same through the ages.
I think it's Chaldean.
I think it comes
from Mesopotamia.
Some people think China, Korea.
They appeared in
France in the 1300s,
so they arrived
before the gypsies.
And they would have been
burned by people in power
if they'd known what they
contain because-- so here is
a look at creation.
Every soul-- you
know, the Bible says
let us make man
according to our image.
It's plural.
Our image.
How come it's plural?
The first card you see
is an ace of hearts.
I am love.
I want love.
The second one is I
want to share my love .
Well, when you share your love,
you can create a third, right?
And so the three of hearts
is an expression of love.
The fourth card is I
build with my love.
The fifth card is I create
with my card, I venture out
and forage.
The sixth card, I settle in.
The seventh card is
I adjust my love.
The eighth is I
build with my love.
The ninth is universal love.
The 10th is transcendental love.
Then the Jack is
sacrifice for love.
That's why it's been
called the Christ card.
The Queen is I serve with love.
And the King is I master love.
And so it runs--
>>NOORY: Is it all about love?
>>JACOBS: Well, no.
Then it runs into clubs.
So after you have love-- I'm not
going to go through all of it--
you want to learn.
You want to acquire knowledge.
You want to develop your mind.
And after you've done
that, you deal with values.
You deal with money.
You deal with materiality.
You deal with systems.
You analyze and evaluate things.
And then spades, you go to work.
And then you come up here.
Up at the top, you see a
Jack, a Queen, and a King.
And you know, the atom
is positive, negative,
and neutral.
The Jack is neutral.
The Queen is
negative, bad again.
The King is positive.
Actually, it's neutral,
receptive, and active.
And so, in a sense, this
is a sort of God power,
although a King of
spades is not a god.
They're unusual people.
Barry Goldwater was
a King of spades.
The head of the FBI
was a original--
>>NOORY: Edgar G?
>>JACOBS: The Edgar G
was a King of spades.
So was Betty Ross.
Maybe that was a
blessing on our nation.
>>NOORY: I'm a King of
diamonds, you said once.
>>JACOBS: You're a
King of diamonds.
Yeah.
But then something
happened in creation.
And here we are now.
So while the King of diamonds
is here, now you're over here.
>>NOORY: And what
does that mean?
>>JACOBS: That means
you have to learn
those lessons, new
set of lessons.
And you acquire a new soul,
which is a three of clubs.
You can see that the
same position is here.
And so this is
everybody's life spread.
In a sense, we're all connected.
Some of us are more
connected than other people.
>>NOORY: What determines this?
>>JACOBS: All right.
There is a quadration
that you do.
You go from what I
call the soul spread--
it's been called a pure spread--
to the life spread, which
is called the mundane spread.
And you take the cards, and
you deal three at a time.
And then the last four cards,
you deal one at a time.
You pick it up in
the same order,
and then you deal
one card at a time.
It's-- and you're
creating a spiral.
And what this is really
is a double helix.
>>NOORY: So when you're on
the phone doing the radio
show with me, and you're doing
that, you're looking at this?
>>JACOBS: Well, I have
a big one in my office.
And that's for natal readings.
And that's what I handed
out to the audience as well.
And then you have to
do that every time
for year one, year
two, year three.
Fortunately, it's been done.
And so we have the little
book of "Seven Thunders"
that is mentioned--
>>NOORY: This is your
life right here, huh?
>>JACOBS: --that's mentioned.
So every year has been done.
So every year you
change a position.
And every year you
learn new lessons.
So, in a sense, I
call it the journey
of the soul and the journey of
the lessons that we go through.
>>NOORY: OK.
Now what did you
give the audience?
What do they have?
>>JACOBS: They have this chart.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: And mostly so
they could follow me.
And also look up their birthday,
or the birthday of someone
else.
>>NOORY: OK.
So let's use some of them.
>>JACOBS: Anybody
have a question?
>>NOORY: Do they
know how to read it?
>>JACOBS: No, but they can
look up their birthday,
or they can look up
somebody else's birthday,
and ask about a relationship.
Yes?
>>AUDIENCE: As a psychic, do
you believe in reincarnation?
And can you tell what someone
was in a previous life?
>>JACOBS: No.
And I wouldn't trust any
psychic to tell you that.
The only way to get a
good past life experience
would be with a hypnotist.
>>AUDIENCE: A hypnotherapist?
>>JACOBS: That's the only way.
And it's got to be
a legitimate one.
And the reason I believe in
reincarnation even though I
studied a lot of
religions is not
from a religious point of view.
I believe in it because
of psychologists
that I heard 30 years ago
who said that they were doing
hypnosis on someone and
unexpectedly found material
from a previous life.
And because they'd been
trained scientifically,
they researched the clothes
that were mentioned,
the streets that they may have
mentioned that they would have
no knowledge of out of hypnosis.
>>NOORY: That's pretty dramatic.
How about another question?
Did we take care
of that for you?
>>AUDIENCE: Yes.
>>JACOBS: --from my tradition.
It comes from
psychological tradition.
>>NOORY: How about
somebody else?
Question for Joseph Jacobs.
Yes, sir?
>>AUDIENCE: So you can
do personal readings,
but can you do more
bigger readings, per se,
as to like where you
can see like economy's
going, where we're going
as a consciousness.
>>JACOBS: Only when I do radio.
>>AUDIENCE: Only
when you do radio.
>>NOORY: But where
are we going, Joseph?
Where are we headed
because you have
done readings on the country--
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --on events--
>>JACOBS: Yes.
>>NOORY: --and you've
been pretty right
on on a lot of them.
Scary right on.
>>JACOBS: Well, yeah.
And, you know, I
see that this March
as being a difficult time
with some losses, and ups,
and downs, and may have
to do with our government.
But I see geological things.
And in October I see some heavy
flooding also and heavy weather
conditions.
As far as the United
States is concerned,
I keep an eye on
the United States.
It doesn't look like our
economy's getting better
until 2017--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>JACOBS: --in the cards
which goes right along
with what both liberal and
conservative economists were
saying four or five years ago
after our economic collapse.
That it would take 10 years.
So it's still going
to be a struggle.
And it's amazing how far we've
come in the last four years
because it could have
been a lot worse.
>>NOORY: Joseph, can
we change our destiny?
>>JACOBS: Well, we
have free choice.
You see, when I showed you
the pure spread, the souls,
there is no positive
and negative, OK?
They're pure.
When we come into
life, we have choice.
And there are positive
and negative tendencies
for every birthday in
many different areas
because you're not
just your Sun card.
You have a Mercury card, a Venus
card, a Mars card, et cetera.
And that's why there's "The
Book of Seven Thunders,"
the seven planets
showering down on us.
>>NOORY: With this free choice--
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --if you take
the cards and say George,
you know, this,
and that, this-- I
can alter that
then, you're saying?
>>JACOBS: Absolutely.
You know, for
instance, and that's
one of the reasons
you would want
to have a reading is you're
having a, let's say--
>>NOORY: You're
fine-tuning your life.
>>JACOBS: --a
difficult time of it.
I can say well, that'll
change in March.
In March, what you
might want to focus on
is handling your economics.
Or what you may
want to do in April,
this is how to handle it.
If you're looking
for a relationship,
this is a particularly good
time to find a relationship.
Careful water conditions
during this time.
All sorts of things.
And then, of course, I open up
to the questions and answers.
You know, I prepare for a
reading for about a half
an hour.
And then after I've
prepared for the reading,
and I see what all
of the possibilities
are and kind of synthesize
them, I go blank.
And then I start
very methodically--
and I think what helped
me develop as an intuitive
and as a psychic is
having this structure.
>>NOORY: Is it
exhausting for you?
You know, Edgar Casey,
in his trance state,
I think it killed the guy.
I think it wore him down
as he did these readings.
How about you?
>>JACOBS: It wasn't
when I was starting out.
I could do eight hours straight.
Now I only do four
readings a day.
>>NOORY: You can feel it?
>>JACOBS: And my
cat will come in
and say it's time to lie down.
>>NOORY: The cat knows?
>>JACOBS: The cat knows.
The cat is my guy.
You look nervous.
You look uptight.
You look tired.
And I say what?
What?
Come on, don't bother me now.
I just-- OK, I'll lie down.
And then she's happy,
and she lies down.
>>NOORY: And you
rejuvenate yourself.
>>JACOBS: And I rejuvenate,
and I go on to my next reading.
>>NOORY: Smart cat.
>>JACOBS: Smart cat.
I assume you feed it well.
>>JACOBS: I do.
>>NOORY: This system--
and we're going
to get into this a
little bit more--
you've got people's
birth months.
And then they pick the day?
>>JACOBS: The day, and that
tells you what card you are,
and what some of
the lessons are.
>>NOORY: And so if--
>>JACOBS: And shows
compatibilities also.
>>NOORY: All right.
As you said, I'm a
King of diamonds.
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>NOORY: If there were
12 King of diamonds--
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>NOORY: Would we all
generally be the same?
>>JACOBS: You would
have the same lessons.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: You know, one of you
might be a corporate leader.
Another one might be
a corporate supporter
of other people's leadership.
>>NOORY: But there
are similarities?
>>JACOBS: Yeah,
some are teachers.
All King of diamonds are
involved in many things.
And over and above
what you do for money,
your main interests are health,
and mysticism, and spiritually.
You work for money,
but you also are
able to quickly evaluate
the truth of what
other people are saying.
>>NOORY: Are you born a King
of diamonds, in my case?
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It is what it is?
>>JACOBS: June 4,
King of diamonds.
>>NOORY: It's based
on your birthday.
>>JACOBS: Male, female,
king of diamonds.
>>NOORY: And that
is what will be
with me for the rest of my life.
>>JACOBS: That's right.
And then you move every
year to a new position.
You may experience the
life experiences of-- we
have two nine of clubs
out there, right,
because I talked to
you before-- you're
over the nine of
clubs this year.
>>NOORY: And what
does that mean?
>>JACOBS: It's
universal knowledge,
by the way, and
very humanitarian.
This is the adventure
of knowledge also.
>>NOORY: And when
you say humanitarian,
it is for this year?
>>JACOBS: For you.
>>NOORY: For me?
>>JACOBS: For our audience
members, it's a lifetime.
And it's important to
mentally concentrate
also through going back to
school if it was interrupted.
But in your case, it's opening
up to universal knowledge.
You may want to do
more humanitarian work
on top of all the things
that you're doing.
You need to handle new
business opportunities
closer to your birthday.
I don't have my glasses,
so I kind of remember.
There may be other
entertainment opportunities
that open up for you
before your birthday.
>>NOORY: Joseph's
been spot on for me
in all these years,
frighteningly so sometimes.
>>JACOBS: Well, 15
years ago, I saw you.
There are cycles within
cycles that are--
>>NOORY: Because you've been
through my ups, and downs,
and my ups.
>>JACOBS: Well, you
were in a down cycle
a year or two after we
got to know each other.
And I knew that.
And I didn't say that.
I said in five years,
you're going to be big time.
It was my way of letting you
know that whatever you're
going through, you went
back into the school of life
to learn about life, and
career, and work all over again.
>>NOORY: Everything.
>>JACOBS: Everything.
>>NOORY: I had
to-- relationships.
>>JACOBS: Those--
and relationships.
>>NOORY: I should
have had a cat.
>>JACOBS: Right.
You can't have my cat.
But that was a five-year.
There are two-year cycles.
There are seven-year
cycles that I read.
But then there are
cycles within cycles.
There's seven cycles
during the year as well.
>>NOORY: What do
people want to know?
When they call you, what
are their interests?
There's always that question.
Joseph, help me with this.
>>JACOBS: Well, my strong
points are relationships,
your purpose in life,
what you're here to
learn, what you're
here to offer--
relationships and career.
And very often, a
lot of questions
are about work, change of
work, working conditions,
or relationships.
And relationships aren't just
one-to-one relationships,
but within the family, mother,
daughter problems, children
who aren't relating to
their parents, for instance.
And I'm very good
at relationships.
And there are
several ways of doing
that that are not
obvious in the cards.
>>NOORY: On one of
our previous shows,
we interviewed a matchmaker.
You two should get
together because
with your system
and her matching--
>>JACOBS: No.
No.
You don't want this
guy with this girl.
>>NOORY: Yeah, go, leave.
>>JACOBS: This is three weeks.
>>NOORY: And you're
probably right, spot on.
Are you bullish about
people, in general?
>>JACOBS: Absolutely.
No.
Anyone who scares you,
anyone who is out to con you.
And whether it's in
an ad on television,
or is somebody
telling you-- you go
to a psychic who
tells you there's
a curse on you,
that's a con job.
And you need to
really be careful.
A lot of the early
radio shows that I did,
that was almost half my
mission was publicizing myself.
And the other half
was warning people
about how they can be taken.
People have been taken
for thousands of dollars.
>>NOORY: Gosh.
>>JACOBS: These con
artists will tell
them there's a curse
on their money.
There's a curse
on their jewelry,
and then they'll
never see them again.
>>NOORY: I'm not going
to mention her name,
but I bounced a
psychic off my show
after a couple horrible
faux pas on her part.
>>JACOBS: And a great
reputation of that psychic.
>>NOORY: She had a
great reputation.
And I had to hold the line on
that and say you know what?
I'm not going to
go through this.
>>JACOBS: I was
so glad when that
happened because
she's on television.
And she'll say oh, this.
And is there an r?
Is there an m in your name?
>>NOORY: And let me tell
the audience and everybody
watching what happened.
I'm not going to mention
the person by name.
But it was couple years ago.
And you might remember that case
of the miners who were trapped.
And it was a sad, sad story.
Well, there was a report.
And I was on the air
doing "Coast to Coast."
There was a report that
the miners were alive.
And I was crying on the air.
It was that emotional.
I mean, these people had been
down there for a couple weeks.
It was an amazing story.
And I had this well-known
psychic on the air.
And I said well, so
and so, how about that?
And she said well, I knew
that would happen like that.
And then we went
to a commercial.
And all of a sudden, every
wire service said wrong story.
They're all dead.
It was absolutely horrible.
And I just had a psychic
on the air say well,
I knew they'd be
all found alive.
I had to go to that person
and say you were wrong.
And she said well, I
didn't mean it like that.
And it was at that point--
>>JACOBS: There were other
criminal issues there.
And also--
>>NOORY: So that must
really drive you nuts.
>>JACOBS: Oh, yeah.
Get a reasonable price, too.
Anybody who charges you--
>>NOORY: Well, did I
do the right thing?
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Bumping them off?
>>JACOBS: Oh, yeah,
for other reasons.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>JACOBS: --a whole
backlog of other reasons.
But anybody who charges you
$300 or $400 for a reading
is outrageous.
Maybe they get a lot of
television promotions
and whatnot, but get
a reasonable price,
make sure that you get a CD, or
tape, perhaps of the reading.
>>NOORY: --of the event.
>>JACOBS: I do CD's so that you
can listen to it over and over
again.
Ask them-- you
know, first of all,
don't go cold to a psychic.
You wouldn't do
that with a lawyer.
You wouldn't--
>>NOORY: --a doctor.
>>JACOBS: You wouldn't
do that with a doctor.
When I go to a new
doctor, I find out
what college they went to, where
they interned, and all of that.
So go by good recommendation
and ask the right questions.
How much do you charge?
What can you tell me?
Can I record this, or are
you going to record this?
And anybody who then scares
you, forget about it.
Yeah, you know, I kind of
prepare you rather than
scare you.
>>NOORY: Of every 10 psychics,
Joseph, of every 10 psychics
that are out there,
how many would you say
are probably legit?
>>JACOBS: The kind of
psychics that people usually
think of as psychic, there
are maybe a few hundred
in the whole world.
>>NOORY: Legit?
>>JACOBS: Well, no, who really--
>>NOORY: They really
know what they're doing?
>>JACOBS: I've worked with one.
I went to Japan with him.
And we went on the
subway, and suddenly there
were crowds all around him.
And I saw the TV shows they
did about him, news shows
where he would be driving
through a neighborhood
in Tokyo, and would say
there's a body over there.
>>NOORY: And there was?
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
I mean, that kind of
psychic is very rare.
Then there are the autodidacts
who are-- you know,
a good astrologer or
numerologist is also psychic.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JACOBS: You do
this long enough,
and you begin to get
intuition and highlights.
And they may not even
realize that they're
getting information.
>>NOORY: It's like
an individual.
The more you do something,
the better you get at it.
I mean, I remember a time you
talk about being intuitive.
I'm driving down the road
coming up to an intersection,
and I've got the green light.
Well, you go through it, right?
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>NOORY: Something told me
don't go through this light.
I had cars behind
me, and I stopped.
I stopped at a green
light because something
told me don't go through
the intersection.
At that very moment, a car
comes speeding 60 miles an hour
through their red light.
And they would have broad-sided
me on the driver's side.
I probably would have been dead.
>>JACOBS: Well, you listened.
>>NOORY: There was
something in there,
but what was that inside of me?
>>JACOBS: It's the quiet voice.
The first time I
heard the quiet voice,
I was lying-- I
was 39 years old.
And this was all before I
learned about the cards,
and did psychometry, and had all
these mystical things started
to happen to me.
And I was lying at a
pool in Santa Monica.
And I said what
is this all about?
Why am I here?
What is this?
And I heard a quiet
voice say work for life.
And the New Yorker
in me said what
do you mean by that,
quietly to myself.
What do you mean by that?
Work for life?
I mean, work for life?
Nothing, nothing.
But little by
little, we're so busy
on our cell phones, our
computers, our rushing
around, our worries
that we don't listen.
And I would recommend to listen,
to take those quiet moments.
You with all of your busy stuff,
to have those quiet moments,
to tune in.
And I have that quiet
voice now all the time.
I'll suddenly obsess
about something,
or get nervous about
something, and we're
thinking about something.
And then I hear, no, you
don't want to go there.
>>NOORY: Well--
>>JACOBS: You don't
want to do that.
>>NOORY: --I'm learning to
listen to those little voices.
>>JACOBS: Well, obviously
you've had that.
You know, it's in the Bible.
>>NOORY: It's not easy.
>>JACOBS: The still,
quiet voice within.
>>NOORY: Let me tell you
because sometimes you
think you're getting
wrong information.
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>NOORY: How many times
in our lives have we went
would've, should've--
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --you know,
where we do something?
>>JACOBS: I decided on January
1st right after a wild New
Year's Eve party which
we can't talk about--
>>NOORY: Your idea of a
wild New Year's Eve party
is to put a little
hat on your cat.
>>JACOBS: Oh.
Oh, well, no.
This was oh, you
know, I was more
into testosterone in
those days than I--
>>NOORY: You?
>>JACOBS: --was
into spirituality.
Yes.
And I said this is what I
want to do on January 1, 1982.
And I stayed up all night making
charts, and business cards,
and stuff like that.
29 days later, I remember
my parents-- the day
that they die, I light a candle.
And the candle usually lasts 24
hours, sometimes 30, 36 hours.
And I said Dad, am I
doing the right thing?
And the candle lasted
exactly 53 hours, 53 cards.
I ran into a
Kabbalistic rabbi that I
knew who knew the
gematria, which
is this spiritual numerology
that relates to Hebrew.
And I said to him what is 53?
And he said gan--
G-A-N, not G-U-N--
which means garden,
Garden of Eden.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>JACOBS: The beginning.
So I got my message
from my father
that it was OK to do this
because there are warnings
in the Bible about watch out.
You know, don't go-- and
so I had some uncertainty.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
You could be tricked sometimes.
>>JACOBS: Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: And you've got to
be very careful about that.
>>JACOBS: Yeah, we're tested.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>JACOBS: We're tested,
and there are lessons,
but we have no curriculum.
We come into this
lifetime and nobody
says this is what
we're going to learn.
You're suppose to learn
this, and this, and this.
And you're going to be
tested with this and this.
So, in a sense, this
is your curriculum.
>>NOORY: What makes
somebody a little better
psychically than somebody else?
>>JACOBS: More time, more
quiet time, more study,
you know, and tuning in,
taking those quiet moments.
Meditation helps, I've
done a lot of meditation.
Now I sort of even
ruminate, you know, go
around the house and
just sort of turn on.
But meditation is kind of
tuning into the chattering voice
that we all have about our
money, and our business,
and our work, and
our relationship,
and yada yada yada yada.
And then you begin to
quietly begin to tune in.
>>NOORY: What is it, Joseph,
about the humankind that
allows it to tap into
this wireless internet
in the universe?
>>JACOBS: Well, we
all have the ability.
We are born into matter
to work our way out of it.
And that's why the soul was
born, to work as a human being,
to live with the
needs of the flesh,
and to ultimately get to a
higher level of awareness,
and spirituality, and charity,
and giving, and creativity,
and all of the other things,
all the other tools that
are available to us
to finally work on.
>>NOORY: Just want you to
know, Joseph's website is
800seeself.com.
You've had that up and running.
His toll free number,
1-800-see-self as well.
I've got that thing memorized
after all these years.
>>JACOBS: You know,
so, in a sense,
I help you see yourself
and see for yourself
what you need to work
on, and what to expect,
and what to handle.
>>NOORY: You truly
care about people.
>>JACOBS: Oh, yeah.
What else is there?
People and animals.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
had somebody call you,
and they just break
down emotionally?
>>JACOBS: Oh, sure.
Oh, sure.
In fact, one of the reasons
I record my readings
is so that the client
can hear themselves.
>>NOORY: That's important.
>>JACOBS: Because they can hear
what's going on in my life,
you know?
And I had one woman, I
ran into her some months
later at a particular event.
And she said you
know what helped me?
Because she was struggling about
a relationship, and it was,
well, he doesn't relate
to me all of a sudden.
I don't know what's going.
And she said I heard
myself, and I realized what
a lot of nonsense.
I've just got to
let go of this guy.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
That's the best remedy.
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's take some
questions for Joseph Jacobs.
>>AUDIENCE: So if someone
would want to really develop
their own psychic abilities,
what would you have them do?
>>NOORY: Great question, Joseph.
>>JACOBS: I
mentioned meditation.
I mentioned taking quiet time.
You might want to
find a teacher.
Some people develop it
through tarot cards.
I have problems
with the tarot cards
because we've forgotten
what they're really for.
And I don't know if they
were meant to be shuffled,
but a good psychic will
sometimes need that as a focus,
as a focus.
And it's for the client as well.
I mean, I worked with a psychic
who always had a glass of water
.
And she would read it like
a crystal ball, you know.
Find your medium.
And a lot-- what's
your birthday?
>>AUDIENCE: January 16th.
>>JACOBS: January 16th?
So you're a Jack of diamonds.
And so you're a messenger
in this lifetime.
So you may be a messenger
as a writer, as an artist,
as a helper of other people.
And so study meditation.
Sometimes involving yourself
with a spiritual group
can add to that as well.
Doing yoga, get off
your cell phones.
You know, I don't
know why people
have to talk while
they're in a car,
or why they can't pull
over, or why they can't just
shut down for a moment,
and begin to listen more.
Does that help at all?
>>AUDIENCE: Definitely.
>>JACOBS: OK.
>>NOORY: My grandmother
used to read tea leaves--
>>JACOBS: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: --in the
inside of a tea cup.
People would drink it, and
the tea leaf would be left.
And whatever the
pattern was, she
could determine their future.
And she was pretty uncanny.
>>JACOBS: And I do it too.
Whatever-- my cat, when
it's finished eating,
will leave little pictures.
Sometimes it's a map.
Interestingly,
before I left, it was
a map that looked like Asia.
And we had that
meteor hit in Asia.
Or she'll leave a smile saying
I like this food, or a frown,
I don't like this food,
and you're a pest today.
You know, so I mean we get
our messages in many ways.
Tea leaves, absolutely.
There are many things.
When I was going through my
crazy period at the age of 40,
I would look at a license plate
and get certain impressions
and ideas.
The messages are all around us.
We may not be available
at the age of 14, 18, 20,
30 to see those messages,
or to acknowledge them,
or to get an answer from them.
But as you get older, and as
you are more focused, you do.
And you want to listen to
the quiet voice within.
Of course, schizophrenics
hear voices also.
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>JACOBS: You know?
But theirs is self-destructive
or other destructive;
whereas the quiet voice
that is helpful to you
and helpful to other people.
And the Bible says that.
If a seer is telling you
the truth, then they're OK.
And if they're not, they're not.
>>NOORY: Let's take another
question for Joseph Jacobs.
Yes, sir, right over here.
>>AUDIENCE: You were
talking about messages.
And I was wondering
where do you think
that the messages come from?
Is it your inner-self
or somewhere else?
>>JACOBS: Well,
it sounds like me,
and it's very
quiet, unjudgmental.
And we all have guardian
angels, or some people
call them guides.
We do.
And they sometimes see us
going through a lot of stuff.
And they don't interfere.
And sometimes they will,
as was in your case
when you were driving.
So we all have guardian angels.
And there may be angels
here now, or guides.
Sometimes it can
be an animal also.
Sometimes a person that you
meet may be a message to you.
Now you may not recognize it.
Very often, someone
after a divorce
will meet someone from the
opposite sex, same sex,
whatever it may be as
somebody to nurture them
through that period.
It may not be a
long-term relationship,
but to nurture them through it.
So sometimes you can be a
guardian angel yourself.
>>JACOBS: Let's take another
question for Joseph Jacobs.
Yes, ma'am?
>>AUDIENCE: Um,
the 10 of diamonds,
what can you tell me about that?
>>JACOBS: It's
mastery of values.
And so a lot of your life's
issues, as with most diamonds,
are going to be financial.
What to do with money?
How to handle it?
Where do I get it?
But you are central.
If you look at the
life spread, you
are central in that life spread.
And your soul card is
the Queen of clubs,
which is the teacher, the one
who serves others, the one who
wants to guide and
help people also.
So you're not just
a 10 of diamonds,
but what gets in the way
of the 10 of diamonds
very often is,
with all 10s, is I
want to do what I want to
do when I want to do it,
which doesn't always
lead to success.
>>NOORY: Joseph, what happens
if your card doesn't match
the person you're involved with.
Is there a conflict there?
>>JACOBS: You mean, in
terms of relationships?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
I mean, do they not
match up sometimes?
>>JACOBS: Oh, yeah.
Well, supposedly Venus
and Jupiter relationships
are the best.
And there could be a
Saturn relationship
where it's student/teacher,
and it's hard work.
There could be
Mercury relationships
where people are so
tuned into each other,
they could be like siblings.
And siblings very often
get annoyed with each other
because they see a projection
of their own negativity
in the other.
The Clintons are a
Mercury relationship.
The Nixons were a
And very close,
and they understood
each other, interested in
the same things, and yet,
they can sort of get
annoyed with each other,
and have problems
from time to time.
>>NOORY: Friction.
>>JACOBS: Yeah.
There can be knight moves.
You know, this is
like a chess board,
in a sense, the card spreads.
It could be knight
move relationships
where people are on
again, off again.
It could be relationships
which are very close,
but their schedules
are different.
Or they could be separated
geographically from time
to time.
And I can see that
in the cards as well.
And that takes a great
deal of maturity.
And the maturity
depends on their ability
to communicate when they
finally do get together.
One may be on night
shift, one on day shift.
One may be needing
to travel for work.
So what I encourage
in those relationships
is that they sit down-- and
men aren't too good at this.
Women have to teach
them how to ventilate,
how to talk about where
they're at, and not interrupt,
and not be interrupted,
and listen.
And then the other
one also, communicate.
And ultimately, relationships
are based on the ability
to communicate.
And sometimes
communication is like this.
And sometimes there could be
a hot, early relationship,
and it turns into war.
>>NOORY: That's true.
>>JACOBS: It turns into war.
And I can see that as well.
>>NOORY: You must be
fulfilled with what you do.
>>JACOBS: I do, except when
I get exhausted doing it.
It is.
It's very helpful.
I get a lot of very good
feedback about 99% of the time.
Occasionally, if
somebody doesn't get it,
there's something
wrong psychologically.
I mean, I think if I
were reading someone
with a heavy
psychological problem,
it's not going to work.
The more active you are,
the more you are a seeker,
the more you're involved in
life, the truer my reading is.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
come across a situation
where you just felt a block?
There was something
about that individual,
and you just couldn't feel it?
>>JACOBS: No, not at all.
I remember once I had
a guy, a muscular guy,
sit in front of me when
I was seeing clients.
And he started like this.
And I started doing the reading,
and he started to slowly,
you know, a bit like this--
>>NOORY: He melted.
>>JACOBS: --and open up.
Yeah, he came up with a guard.
>>NOORY: You made
him a believer.
>>JACOBS: Well, some people
have guards, you know.
And to some extent in our
modern life, we need that.
And, you know, you can let your
guard down, drop your mask,
drop your armor that you
need for the outside world,
or for work, or that you think
you do for those situations.
And very often we do.
But in an intimate
situation, you
can let your guard
down and open up.
Some people, I won't
read as I'm taking
the booking, a small percentage.
If I find that they're going
to control the reading,
that they want it their way.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JACOBS: And sometimes
they're very needy.
You know, I can't
help I wanna say and--
>>NOORY: Yeah, yeah.
>>JACOBS: If they're in
that kind of a state,
they need to see a therapist--
>>NOORY: --a doctor.
>>JACOBS: --or a
lawyer, or a doctor,
and they're not going to do
the work that they need to do.
They're not going to open up
to those perceptions at all.
And, in other words,
they're in a help me.
Help me.
I'm helpless.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>JACOBS: It's people who
are active in their life,
or having to make important
decisions in their life,
somebody owns a company who
wants me to read the employees,
or when's a good time to
advertise, or to borrow money,
or those-- so when you're
active in your life,
or if you have relationship
issues, want to change careers,
some people are on the
verge of retirement,
don't know what to
do beyond retirement.
I usually suggest
start a business
two years before you
go into retirement.
It doesn't have to
be a money business,
but lay out some plans
of things that you
want to work on because,
in retirement, you
could be like a soldier
who comes home and then
wants to be a couch
potato for six months.
>>NOORY: See.
But that's what I mean that
you're also a consultant.
You're a counselor to people.
>>JACOBS: Well, yeah.
>>NOORY: And you give
them advice, good advice.
>>JACOBS: But it's based
very much on the cards.
>>NOORY: And speaking of
cards, why don't we do that.
Look at your birth
date, and tell
Joseph what your card
number is, and just
show your hands
when you're ready.
And we'll just hand you the mic.
>>JACOBS: Pick somebody out.
>>NOORY: And we'll just
go right down the line.
There you go.
>>AUDIENCE: Queen of diamonds.
>>NOORY: She's a
Queen of diamonds.
>>JACOBS: More of a
leader than a follower.
Also a Queen energy usually
wants to be of service.
You want to help people.
In fact, you can
rush into situations
where an angel
would fear to tread.
A lot of changes
in your early life,
a lot of shifts and changes in
the first 12 years of your life
has left you kind of restless.
What sign are you?
>>AUDIENCE: A Libra.
>>JACOBS: You're a Libra?
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah.
>>JACOBS: And so
a great curiosity
about knowledge and about
learning about a lot of things.
Worry is probably
your biggest problem,
and how you make
decisions, and how
you pick and choose even
the people in your life.
>>NOORY: Super.
Let's just pass the
microphone all the way across.
>>JACOBS: These
are just nutshells.
>>AUDIENCE: Six of diamonds.
>>JACOBS: Sixes.
All sixes are messengers.
Whether you're a six of
diamonds, six of clubs,
they're messengers
to each other.
And the message can be
in any number of ways.
And so great communicator,
very verbal, very humanitarian.
Your soul's is
the nine of clubs,
which is universal knowledge.
And there may have been
an interrupted education
in your early years, but
you're a perennial student.
And many job changes,
or also many directions
in the work that you do.
Do you have a question?
>>AUDIENCE: Uh, no, no.
No particular question.
>>NOORY: How accurate was he?
>>AUDIENCE: He was very
accurate, absolutely.
>>JACOBS: Now that's
just a little bitty--
>>AUDIENCE: Yeah, you
were spot on, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Pass us down.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh, hi.
Jack of diamonds.
May 8th is my birthday.
>>JACOBS: OK, we have two Jack
of diamonds like bookends here.
When is it?
>>AUDIENCE: May 8th.
>>JACOBS: May 8th?
America is a jack of diamonds.
And the jack of diamonds is the
poet, the writer, the artist,
the sales person,
the communicator.
Jacks, sixes, and aces are
messengers in many ways.
A youthful energy,
and there may often
be a conflict between the
career that you really
want to feel comfortable in.
And there may be more than
one possibility in that.
>>AUDIENCE: The eight of hearts.
>>JACOBS: The eight of
hearts is the power of love
and the power of creativity.
Eights have a lot of power.
If you look at
eights sideways, it
looks like infinity, the
ability to spiral outward,
or to contract in.
Often, there's a problem
with addiction or compulsion.
You know, and what I
usually tell an eight,
or someone who has a card
that indicates addiction
or compulsion, I
say make a fist.
OK?
Make a fist.
Now open up.
What happens when you open up?
You open yourself up
to receiving more.
But the eight is
wonderful with the public,
wonderful in
communication areas,
can be very artistic,
very creative.
There's a lot of passion here
and a lot of possibilities
also.
>>NOORY: All right.
We've got time for a few more.
Let's keep going.
>>AUDIENCE: Hi, I'm
the five of diamonds.
>>JACOBS: Five of diamonds?
The motto of the
five of diamonds
is freedom at any cost.
And so they picked
themselves a mother
that was pretty
tough to discipline.
It also means
creative financing,
and restlessness
that needs channeling
into a creative outlet.
What sign?
>>AUDIENCE: I'm a Libra.
>>JACOBS: A Libra?
>>NOORY: Another Libra,
they're everywhere.
>>AUDIENCE: We're everywhere.
>>JACOBS: So very
service-oriented,
anything having to
do with education
and the arts is important.
And finally when you
commit, you commit.
OK?
And health concerns
with others very often
in your lifetime and many
other things as well.
>>AUDIENCE: If I can
ask something also--
>>JACOBS: Sure.
>>AUDIENCE: You-- that
is my life number, right?
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>AUDIENCE: And so then you
do yearly assessments also?
>>JACOBS: That's right.
The five of diamonds then moves
at age one, age two, et cetera.
At age 45, you come
to the same place.
So what people call midlife
crisis, age 44 and age 45,
is usually, this
is who I really am.
This is really
what I want to do.
This is where I want to be, not
to please my parents, society,
my significant other.
I want to be me at age
44 and age 45, or that.
You know what's
interesting, by the way,
about today-- I
didn't pick today.
In fact, I didn't
even want to do this.
I don't like to
do public things.
But, George, I'll
do anything for.
But today's an eight
of diamonds day.
And the eight of diamonds, one
of the meanings of the eight
of diamonds is the keeper
of the goods of the dead.
That sounds kind of awesome.
So the eight of diamonds day is
a good day to work on a will,
but it means the keeper
of the-- or antiques.
You may want to work
with old people.
But also we're talking
about ancient stuff.
So it's the keeper of the
goods of the day on this day.
>>NOORY: Super.
>>JACOBS: There are
no coincidences.
>>NOORY: None.
>>JACOBS: But there are some.
No, don't say none.
It's a little bit
of wiggle room.
>>AUDIENCE: OK.
The ace of diamonds.
What can you tell me
about the ace of diamonds?
>>JACOBS: The ace of
diamonds is Mars to you.
So the ace of diamonds has
the leadership qualities.
They could be real tough.
Also aces, as I said, are
messengers, communicators,
they have leadership qualities.
And they can be tough on the
outside, but very easily hurt
emotionally on the inside.
And a Mars relationship
is you can work with them
or there can be wars.
So it's how you
work things out. .
>>AUDIENCE: Thank you.
>>NOORY: Joseph, we're going
to wrap things up here pretty
soon, but for people--
>>JACOBS: I'm just
getting started.
>>NOORY: --who want more
information from you.
>>JACOBS: Yes?
>>NOORY: Website?
>>JACOBS: Website is the
same as my 800 number.
It's 1-800-see-self, S-E-E,
S-E-L-F, as see yourself,
seeforyourself.com.
>>NOORY: They can always
Google you, too, if we have to,
Joseph Jacobs.
>>JACOBS: Although some people
have said Joseph Jacobs,
scary readings.
I know somebody's
using my name to--
>>NOORY: That happens.
>>JACOBS: I get that.
I guess so.
>>NOORY: You've got
some people out there.
Are you on the new
social networking?
>>JACOBS: Not at all.
>>NOORY: Facebook or
anything like that?
>>JACOBS: No, no.
This is not what I ate today.
I don't care.
I don't need that
kind of communication.
I'm an old fashioned
guy with a take.
Get me on a telephone.
I'd rather talk to you
than type a message to you.
>>NOORY: I remember you
gave me a book once.
It may have been the biggest
book I've ever seen in my life.
>>JACOBS: Right.
>>NOORY: It was that big, huge.
>>JACOBS: Written
by Manly Hall who
was one of the great, great
metaphysicians-- that's
a classic book-- one of
the great metaphysicians.
And I was fortunate enough
to sit even closer to him
than this when a
group of psychics
honored him for lifetime
work just before he died.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
>>JACOBS: And he
knew everything.
This man knew everything.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
Well, Joseph, you're
one of a kind.
You're very perceptive.
In 20 seconds or less, what kind
of a year are we going to have?
>>JACOBS: I think
it's a year of working
on relationships, on love.
It could be a very karmic year.
So be careful what you put out
there doesn't come back to you.
A year to work on relationships,
and love, and harmony.
We do have some rough months.
March is going to be one,
October is going to be one,
and December are going to
be rough months this year.
>>NOORY: But we can
change our destiny.
>>JACOBS: Absolutely by
being more of who you are,
and working on yourself,
and by helping other people.
You know, I have helped myself
by helping other people.
I have grown.
I've learned from
my clients, not
from the books that were
written about the cards,
but from the feedback.
The first thing
I say to a client
after I read them is
what you do for a living?
Because that's one of my areas,
and it usually checks out,
either numeralogically
or in the cards.
>>NOORY: Joseph Jacobs
on Beyond Belief.
Thank you, Joe.
[APPLAUSE]
>>NOORY: Well,
come on back here.
I've dealt with a
lot of psychics.
This guy's one of a kind.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[APPLAUSE]
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]